>> Coming soon to Gaia Sphere.
>> You are always agreeing to
your reality at whatever level
you choose.
>> This week on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> That is how creation grows.
That's how creation expands.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> We are spirits in
the physical body.
So the actual spirituality
is us getting closer
to our true nature.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith"--
>> Dreams can really help you
evolve, learn about yourself,
regulate your mood, be
cathartic and potentially, also,
be your inner psychic.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>> And so the goal is to have an
evolved species everywhere that
can police their own space
and keep it safe and keep it
healthy.
>> New documentary.
>> When I hear that you've
assembled a team of top
scientists using
state-of-the-art equipment,
I say to myself,
it's about time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Only on Gaia.